 models i've got you two more so you can move this What's wrong, baby? Let's get this. Oh, good day. Oh, good day. Oh, good day. Sorry. Hi, it's Ankana. Oh, how do you say, sorry? Ankana. Ankana. Yeah. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Sorry, my pronunciation is not. That's okay. Everyone gets my pronunciation wrong. So that's fine. Where are you from originally? I am from India. Oh, from India. Yes. Lovely, lovely. Yeah. Okay. Very nice, very nice. So I guess today we can just sort of get to know each other. So like what sort of experience, any questions you have for me as well. Tell me like a little bit about yourself. Like you said you're from India, like whereabouts in India, things like that. Sure. I was born and brought up in Delhi, the capital of India. And but like my family is originally from Bengal, you might not know that. So I am fluent in three languages. So English is my third language. And other than that, I have also learned French and I'm learning German. Cool. Yeah. I have always been very interested in math. So that's why I took computer science. And then I ended up doing my masters in AI from University of Southampton. So yeah, I lived in UK for three years, but I had to come back. So I am back in India and I'm working with a startup as an AI engineer. Yeah. Would you like to know more about the projects that I've been doing? Sure. Sure. Sure. So in my masters, I have mostly worked with like computer vision, deep learning projects, but like in industry, I have worked with gen AI systems. So building chatbots and generating question answers systems like that. Yeah. Right now I am building my experience more over the system design because everyone is using AI. Right. So it's very important that you build an optimized system and with like different companies, you have different constraints that you have to look for. And that's what I'm trying to optimize my skills in. And yeah, if you check my LinkedIn, I have mostly worked with startups because I like that fast environment. I cannot sit quiet. Yeah, that's all about me. That's very cool. That's very cool. I lived in Southampton actually for a few years. Oh, how did you like it? Yeah. I didn't like it a lot. It's a small place. It's, um, my mom lived in, uh, Ocean Village. Oh, okay. So the fancy side of Southampton. The bones. Yeah. The thing is she, I was, I didn't, I stayed with her for like a little bit. Okay. But then I got like a room shed when I was at U.S. Oh. During COVID time I just went and found a room shed. Okay. Um, but it's, it's an interesting place. So you're originally from UK only? Yeah, I'm from the UK. I'm originally from Devon. Uh, I don't know if you know the English, Southwest. Southwest. Okay. Yeah. So you know Cornwall, which is like right on the end. Yeah. It's the county before. So it's like, it has both on the top and bottom, but it's like the next one. Okay. Okay. Got it. Cornwall is a beautiful place. Sorry. Cornwall is really nice. Yeah. You're right. It's like very countryside. Everyone knows everyone. Yeah. Lots to like, lots of outdoor things you can do. Um, it is, it's nice to be young, but when you're older, you want more opportunity. Yeah. You want to move away. Um, and then when I was 15, 16, it was 2015, but I think I'd just turned 16. I moved to China. My family moved to China for three years. China my family moved to China for three years we lived in Shanghai okay yeah my mom's a master teacher so we moved across which is cool and we got exposed to a lot of different people very culturally diverse in international environments it's very fun everyone speaks different languages in Devon where I was from there was one brown kid in the whole town one brown kid right yeah but in in in China obviously there's Chinese Indian German Scandinavian all sorts of people which is amazing yeah and then after three years there I came back to London I did one year at university and then Covid happened I dropped out to start a business um and then I was like oh no I'll go back to university did another year really dropped out again I hate uni I don't like that it's not for me yeah um but then came across this business which I've been doing for six months now yeah uh I don't know if you've done much research on it but basically it's a communications layer between businesses and customers okay okay we first started out by um attacking the dentistry market because it's the pain is so big in dentistry okay so that's why we focused on dentistry to start um we started with chat bots like on the website using sass that's already there yeah and just fine-tuning models with prompts and uh databases but they'd already set up the infrastructure with rag and things like that okay yeah and then translated basically translated into voice like turning into a full system where it's voice uh like taking the phones and outbound phone and then also the website taking the chats from the website and then bringing it into one dashboard of which I vibe coded together so it's very junkly made but I vibe coded dashboard of it all together that's that's really cool so like um how did you decide that you want to start a business was that something you always wanted to do or yeah great question so like this business or just anything just in general because you said you did not like call it so I'm guessing you don't like the the routine and the the traditional things possibly yeah amazing question so like since I was like so young like at least 10 right I would be buying and selling things oh I have an ebay account for 13 years I'm funny you can mark out how long I've had it for but I would be buying and selling things online um I sold my grandma's magazines from her attic door to door like I just anything that I can sell I'll just sell it um I also did some import export from China I bring back things and sell it in the UK oh god because you get a huge market yeah and that was the main thing like when my mom was like she was moving she was thinking about moving jobs in the UK you can imagine in Devon she was like shall I move and I was like yeah can we move country and she was like uh where do you want to move and I was like I'd love to move to China because China's where the manufacturing is I'd love to learn the language and she said sure why not that's that's really interesting yeah younger brother like we we both got on board with the idea my mom applied for two jobs she got one of them and we moved within six months so that's incredible yeah I mean to go from Devon in the countryside uh yeah China is a big difference is is has your uh family always been like impulsive with like making quick decisions and stuff I think with my mom she's very open-minded like she doesn't mind she's like making a decision like that yeah when she was at university she actually did an internship like a study abroad in China already okay so she'd already lived abroad um my dad is in manufacturing so he does like factory turn around so what he would do is they would have a struggling factory and he would go in make it profitable and then move on so my family's always moved around yeah when I was really young not that I can really remember I lived in Mexico as well so and then before I was born my parents lived in Germany so like they're constantly moving around when I was younger so my mom was quite open to moving countries like it's not like something crazy new that that's really cool it's very cool it's very cool so I guess what I was thinking of doing was potentially doing like maybe like a longer conversation as well to see how we can work more together I'm kind of looking for like a co-founder technical co-founder yeah okay um so far like I've vibe coded everything together yeah like it's all sort of like chucked together um but what might be cool is if we do like maybe like a mini project together and see how we work together and then just go from there um yes that sounds interesting uh but like I feel like the biggest problem right now would be is that if you're okay with me being in India and working with the UK time zone if is that you're open like if you're open to that idea is it um you're ahead of time right yes yes how many hours ahead are you uh it's uh I think five five hours five five thirty but that's like yeah I have worked with UK clients before and I'm also a night person so like it works out for me um okay yeah um yeah that's still some problem at all like I work in the mornings anyways so okay that works quite well yeah okay because in your eyes my mom lives in Singapore at the moment so oh okay okay yeah cool it's a similar time so I think the thing I would like to know is like obviously okay so you did your degree was it masters or your undergrad my master's so I did my bachelor's in computer engineering and my master's in AI both both in Southampton or uh so my undergrad in India and my master's in UK okay fine fine fine um what do you want to like achieve I guess is the question because obviously you've come back to India do you want like freelance work or do you want more co-foundership work or what's what's your vision like what do you want to achieve in five years is it I want a stable job or just tell me like what what sort of thing are you thinking about this um so if you ask ask me this question like two years ago I I would have been like yeah I just want to work in a stable job but recently I I have been really into like starting my own business as well um and the problem with me is I am very good with execution but very bad with coming up with ideas there are already so many problem statements that people are working towards and yeah um so for for me uh my five-year plan would be I actually want to move back either UK or Europe something like that and yeah if I can I want to start my own business because I've I feel that I would be good at it um yeah um grow myself as an AI engineer um and I feel like as you said you wipe toward it and you were able to create a whole system so it's it's not difficult anymore um yeah um what else I think yeah um I think that's a good thing because like I have a friend who works in Dubai and he's very good with like helping people start their own business so basically I've I've been talking to him and I've been asking him how can I come up with an idea right so it's it's just like such a coincidence that you happen to message me like while I was thinking something like this so I I haven't completely thought about it but it would be uh great to have someone like you who has an idea of business and management because that is some something completely new to me and I have to like you know get a hang of it so obviously a partnership works best and uh and if you're open to something like you're open to something like you're open to something like you're open to something like you're open to something like you know you know get a hang of it so obviously a partnership works best and uh and if you're open to it then yeah we like as you said you don't have a a set um plan so we can always extend to how we want yeah something like that exactly yeah I think um the goal of Pathy like the original vision is a communications letter between a business and a customer it first started in dentistry but could be expanded to every single business type you know like every phone every message every whatsapp all basically managing that communication I think whenever I started a business the mistake I made before was I chose too small of a market oh it's so small yeah even if you create an amazing product the market is too small okay so what I learned personally was you need to solve a bigger problem but as I said like I'm quite open to like things moving I think having a rigid vision like it has to work like this yeah never once out because customers will tell you I don't like it like this I want it like this you know it'll always adapt change pivot you know when you first start it will change yeah change is always the only constant right you have to keep moving with the market that's it um I have a like a very silly question but what does your company mean and how did you come up with the name but that's it like in terms of the name right yeah it doesn't have like a philosophical reason why I call it that yeah what I wanted this is the criteria when selecting a name is it has to be easy to pronounce right has to be easy to spell not many different variations of it yeah you have to be able to get the dot com domain yeah without spending 50 million pounds making sense which is quite hot yeah you can try getting one if you end in a lee or o or whatever you can try and make it a startup sounding name that's another thing I wanted this startup sounding name I found Palantir I'm a real big fan of uh Peter Thiel I don't know what that is oh sorry Peter Thiel yeah you don't know who he he was one of the people that started PayPal he was part of the PayPal mafia I'm so sorry I'm not very good with names that's okay that's fine so he was part of the PayPal mafia initially and they all expanded to different things so Elon Musk was part of that he did Tesla and SpaceX and another I think the solar thing he did yeah um and then Peter Thiel he went more into VC so he invested he was one of the first early investors in Facebook um he created his own um fellowship I'll tell you who's very big that he invested in do you know the founder of OO hotels the O-1 yeah he's from India right okay okay he was one of Peter Thiel's fellows okay initially yeah so he's like very well connected in the VC world and I like him you know I I've read his book Zero to One okay I think he's really interesting so I took the ear part yeah on the on the Palantir and I think path is like kind of like a direction of where the industry is going which is definitely agentic AI it's a multi multi multi multi billion pounds revenue industry um so I kind of did path like path and then ear from Palantir just that that's really cool but it was way too over it could be called anything um I had another question um I completely forgot uh I this is one of the things I need to work on I don't remember stuff write it down I mean I work with AI all the time and I still go back to the traditional things of writing things down on my paper yeah that's fine I do notebook as well it's it's a very good way of working yeah uh sorry I use a mixture of notion and notepad oh notion is amazing notion is really good uh sorry sorry you had a question sorry yeah I I don't remember that question if it comes back it comes back uh but I saw on LinkedIn that I think uh your company uh is of two people right now exactly so in terms of the co-foundership the other co-founder he I met him at university university at LSE so I went to a good uni which is good okay um his his mom has a dental practice so that's the practice which we launched into first initially um he's also an Indian um he studied economics and politics okay but he didn't do the startup route he went straight into investment banking to start okay he did it for a few years and then after that he went into b2b sales so like business to business sales um selling like kind of complex educational products for CFOs so like a CFO would want some sort of guidance the company Gartner which is a huge multi-billion pound company would sell CFOs like a hundred thousand pound product and he was one of the sales people that would sell this product okay okay and then I was in a transition point where I finished my last business which was three years it didn't it didn't grow enough as too small of a market as in housekeeping it's luxury house management um and I said to him hey look I was thinking about building like agentic bonds for websites could we get your mom interested in doing it she said yeah yeah let's try it out so we launched it so the company's been going for six months like from the beginning when I first started and three months has been the trial in his mom's clinic right now um I think he um I think it's quite a lot for him because he's used to the corporate world he's not a startup person okay okay so there's certain things which he struggles with a lot he'll tell you it's you know like um a lot of like let's build uh let's make like a procedure and very analytical but in startup things move super fast yeah right yeah and I think it's putting a lot of strain on him right now like he's struggling a lot okay um so I don't know if he will continue to do for now he's still doing it but I think it's putting a lot of strain on him okay and I wanted to ask um what responsibilities uh were between you guys and if like um this goes well what responsibilities you are expecting from me sure so at the moment our main responsibility was working closely with the clients like our product is the most important thing like take everything else away like fundraising one of this it's not important the product is the most important thing so we were sitting like hand in hand with the manager of the practice not the his mom which is the owner but the person that runs it day-to-day um working out like where are the problems um how can we solve that trying to bridge the gap between the tech we know that's on the market available and the problems that they're facing right now and a lot of back and forth and how they like to say it how they don't like to say it that's what we've been focusing on so far we've also spoken to like half a dozen other clinics who said hey look this sounds interesting we're willing to pay for it like either between 399 to 599 pounds for the product per month okay but we're in the negotiation stage like it's not i wouldn't say we've won them in any way but like they it seems interesting to them okay for six clinics um in terms of responsibilities of us we're both really doing sales i've built the products like just by putting it together using sas available like mainly a product i guess product and sales um your responsibility if it was something that is a good fit for both of us is to own the product work closely with me in making sure that the product actually solves the problem not just creates a nice looking thing yeah um and yeah that's that's all we're focusing on as products so like as soon as we have a good product that customers are saying yeah this is amazing okay give us your money then that's when we can go okay vcs we can are you interested in this we're growing at this rate because at the moment it's so early and you have to just kiss their ass to get like 100k and it's like if we spend that amount of time building a better product we can have 100k from revenue okay and do you expect uh me to invest in the company as well great question so at the moment we put very minimal investment like i put 400 pounds in the co-founders put 700 it's literally nothing yeah um what we want to do is we want to attack the paid clients more we spoke to an agency a dental marketing agency they have 50 dentists on their books and we said hey look we created this product would you be interested in selling it to your clients and they said yeah for a cup we can do so okay like for 20 percent we can literally sell to 50 50 clinics all paying us 5.99 a month so i think this strategy rather than sell one-to-one we sell the marketing agencies but it has to work the product has to yeah of course deliver because the problem is is i'm not worried about it growing fast because like you sell 50 clinics the dentist market is not very big world will spread so quickly um you've only got to sell four of them 200 clients like and it's going to be a lot and then competitors are going to start to see what we're doing and say hey look we can do the same so we need to build like training layers where we have our own ip we need to have like maybe our own small models so we're starting to build like actual ip rather than just using sas and chunking it together and that would require investing as well because it depends on if you want to open source or you want something yeah yeah yeah i think a certain amount will require but as i said like the agency model like going to agencies it will grow quite quickly so we can probably already the state we are at the moment with a bit more effort to probably support 50 you know just as it is like without you know like building sophisticated learning layers just using sas right okay okay we use that money reinvest it into training and gpus and things like that so um as you said i'm trying to figure out how to articulate it well um of course yeah the 50 customers you're talking about is you said that it's on hold and is that something you'll get to know sooner or it might take some time well the thing is is that we have a pilot clinic which is the person his mom's uh his mom's clinic right yeah that's already we've tested we have some results from them we're trying to negotiate with them to go to paid but they don't want to pay for it they just think we're family and they don't want to pay right ah okay okay and then this is the problem when you build for free yeah they don't want to pay so there's six clinics we spoke to already that's separate to the marketing agency just local clinics that we've in conversations with now to say hey look can we build in your clinic that's negotiation stage but the most recent discovery was the marketing one which we just spoke to the owners of the marketing agency but it would probably look in realistic terms like doing it for one client seeing how it goes rolling to the whole lot rather than getting the whole 50 at once yeah because they don't want to see like i'll want you doing this sounds great but can you actually deliver yeah before they roll before they trust selling it to everyone else that makes sense yeah you do you need testimonials yeah but like even within their own like they want to see that it's working for their own clients okay but the advantage of selling that way is that you're not going cold because when you go to a dental clinic they go i don't know you you sound great this sounds good but how can i trust you whereas if you sell through marketing agencies they're already paying two thousand three thousand three thousand a month six hundred pounds doesn't sound much it's like an extra add-on okay okay okay it's a different proposition rather than zero to six hundred okay yeah um it's it's a new um area for me so i'm trying to understand of course of course uh i think you have answered all my questions uh for now yeah okay that sounds good why don't we set up like a 60 minute call where we can see like maybe we do like a mini project together um and just see how it goes because i've i've had in the past where i've started a project with someone and they sound oh yeah this sounds great this sounds great but they don't deliver so yeah of course i think a main thing for me is how we work together um is it something that you enjoy as well do you find it interesting um do you see value in the problem solving like can you actually i don't know get excited about it yeah excited and it's not the right thing that's true you can start anything you can create your own business i can help you if you want your own business but um we can do a 60 minute call and just see maybe build a mini project yeah of course that that sounds great yeah okay that sounds good so what i'll do then is i'll send you oh it must be so late for you i just realized yeah but i i i stay awake like till three and four in the morning because my sister is in london right now yeah yeah as i said i'm used to the uk time okay okay fair enough then so what i'll do is i'll send the link through linkedin again uh but for 60 minutes and we can have another chat and chat a bit more and maybe do a mini project together um you mean some other time right or you mean today yeah we can do a 60 minute call i have a meeting after at 30 okay okay okay yeah so uh i'll send another meeting link and we can arrange another time of course i think there's more questions and we can touch base because 30 minutes is so quick yeah true thank you it was great meeting you great meeting you too and see you soon see you soon bye bye bye
